Add Further Instructions to README.md (#60)
mike-north/ember-octane-workshop: notes/12-guarding-routes.md

## Adding a redirect to the /login page

Now let's move on to `teams` route defined at [`app/routes/teams.js`](../app/routes/teams.js).

> The `login` route should have a similar [`beforeModel`](<(https://api.emberjs.com/ember/3.9/classes/Route/methods/beforeModel?anchor=beforeModel)>) hook, but note that the validation logic is flipped in this case. We redirect to the `/login` page only the user is _logged out_.

Reviewer: I'd prefer this, if it works
```suggestion
The `login` route should have a similar [`beforeModel`](https://api.emberjs.com/ember/3.9/classes/Route/methods/beforeModel?anchor=beforeModel) hook, but note that the validation logic is flipped in this case. We redirect to the `/login` page only the user is _logged out_.
```

## Changes in Templates

> Now that we have the javascript implementation in place, lets add the UI for the same.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that we have the javascript part of our component in place, let's work on the matching handlebars template.
```
